- #journal/daily 
	- previous: [[2021-04-12]]
# Slowly Going %% [[2021-04-13]]%%

It's weird to take up, and have nothing but everything to do - lacking the external structure of a workday that has been imposed onto me by somebody else.

At times, this structure has helped me - and created a framework that I could operate in and with succeed, and think that there are a lot of ways that I worked at Rangle, that happened to align with how I work best.

## Accidental Supports

These unintentional / accidental supports can be great, until they are no longer there - and you are left wondering "what is wrong with me? why am I broken?"

> you are left wondering "what is wrong with me? why am I broken?"

I don't think I fully realized this until I started working at PartnerStack, while remote, during a pandemic - and between how I was able to work in the office + all of the other things that come with working in a physical space, and around people.

From the 'body double' effect that seems to help people with ADHD, to having meetings where I could walk, easy access to outdoors / etc when I needed a break, meetings in different rooms, ability to see people a I walk around the office to help jog my memory about things.

Benefits of walking the floor, not having my life through zoom, being able to walk around a meeting room, writing on white boards, having different places to focus my eyes. 

So many little things helped me out, and in ways that I didn't realize - until they were gone.

## Intentional Supports

As I'm looking back on my career, education, etc - from Uni, to my time at Procom, Rangle and PartnerStack - starting to think about

- what works for me, and why?
- what didn't work
- what works but needs adjustment 
- how can I build intentional supports

So next time my situation changes, even if all of the supports don't carry over - I know what they are, and can work on strategies to build new ones, instead of feeling like I got my legs kicked out from under me. 

## Simple Routines
- up early
- feed cats
- meditate
- try and get out for a walk
- tidy and chores
- write a bit - both free-form, and what I'm working on, etc

These are making it's way into my pen and paper journal, and then working on things like Building Not A Robot MOC], expanding on the writing there - and some longer term planning I'll need to start figuring out soon. 

## Mid-Term and Long-Term Planning

As much as my inspired-by-bullet-journal approach helps for keeping me on-top of my daily base-care tasks, it's not the best at longer term plans / goals./ etc --- fitting that into here, or notion, or something may be a better fit.

[[I have the opportunity to build a system that works for me, what does it look like]]?