# [[2021-04-14]] - Readwise Review

## How To Take Smart Notes

### Slip-box and Division of Labor
> There is a clear division of labour between the brain and the slip-box: The slip-box takes care of details and references and is a long-term memory resource that keeps information objectively unaltered.

#### Notes
Going back and reading some other sections around this, a quote that stands out is:

> “If learning is your goal, cramming is an irrational act” (Doyle and Zakrajsek 2013). [^1]

[^1]: Ahrens, Sönke. How to Take Smart Notes: One Simple Technique to Boost Writing, Learning and Thinking – for Students, Academics and Nonfiction Book Writers (p. 77). UNKNOWN. Kindle Edition.

The idea is that just reviewing notes, re-reading them does not help much with understanding and learning.

One of the best methods for learning - is elaboration, and I guess in a bunch of the notes I've taken where I've written "expand on" as a key word - it's kind of a prompt for me to elaborate on an idea.

- the slip box takes the job of storing facts and information
- our brains are forgetful

### Ego Depletion

> “We use the term ego depletion to refer to a temporary reduction in the self’s capacity or willingness to engage in volitional action (including controlling the environment, controlling the self, making choices, and initiating action) caused by prior exercise of volition.” (Baumeister et al., 1998, 1253)

#### Notes

- **Key concepts** 
	- [[ego depletion]] 

### Questions to ask as we work
> If we accompany every step of our work with the question, 
> - “What is interesting about this?” and everything we read with the question, 
>-  “What is so relevant about this that it is worth noting down?” 
>
> we do not just choose information according to our interest. 
> 
> ==By elaborating on what we encounter, we also discover aspects we didn’t know anything about before and therefore develop our interests along the way==. It would be quite sad if we did not change our interests during research.

#### Notes
- questions to ask while building out my slip-box / second brain / MOC / etc
	- What is interesting about this?
	- What is so relevant about this that it is worth noting down?
