- #journal/daily 
	- previous: [[2021-04-13]]

### A Gray Tuesday
Starting to get into a morning routine again, was up pretty early today - killed a bit of time on twitter before starting to get ready for the rest of the day.

I've registered for VueConf US - and may try and join a few talks, but also a webinar on being a CLO by 360 Learning.

Was getting a little to sucked into a social-media hole this morning, so instead of making breakfast at home - decided to do a timmies run and get out for a bit of a walk just to break that frame of mind and get moving.

## The Morning Routines 

Once I got in, was pretty easy to then knock off quite a few chores that I had put into my The Happy Book planning

- morning walk
- tidy bed/bath
- tidy kitchen/common
- deal with cat litter
- sweep
- etc

Like, these are very base level things, but help setup a good foundation for the rest of my day. 

I don't think I've realized just how 'mess blind' I've become to some things, and while my place is pretty clean all around, there are still bits of grime here and there that have been building up - around door handles, light switches, etc.

For me, it's stuff that's easy to kind of ignore, and I find I don't really appreciate what a difference it can make to how clean a space feels until I've gone and cleaned those up.

## End of Day

Today was a pretty good day, felt like I got quite a bit done, or at least did a lot - and didn't feel rushed about it.

- two walks
- meditated
- made some videos
- tweeted 
- read a bit
- attended a webinar
- watched a few of the Vue JS conference talks
- did a bunch of reading
- did a bunch of writing
- cleaned 
- laundry
- swept 
- got ontop of a bunch of chores
- caught up with a friend
- chatted with family a bit

Like, this feels like it should be a normal day - but for a long time, it'd be - "pick one from that list, and maybe" - I just had no spoons for anything.
